---
title: Patch notes version 0.1.0
---

## Darialyst Version 0.1.0

### Known issues

- Daemonic Lure will move the unit even if it dies from the damage effect.
- When a unit with blast attacks another unit with blast, it counterattacks.

### Card changes
Here are the modified cards changes compared to [Duelyst2](https://play.duelyst2.com/). Note that there will be more changes to come, or reverts if some of them turn out bad or not liked. The goal of the Standard format is to have a good baseline to build custom formats from, and showcase the new effects/ keywords.

More cards will be added over time. The goal is to more or less reach card parity with D2, minus the D2 exclusive cards (Sloth, Lily, Syzygy...).

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f1_aegis_barrier"}
- Give an allied minion "Prevent the next time this would take damage or be destroyed" -> Give a minion Barrier
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f1_sunstone_templar"}
- Airdrop. Allied minions have Airdrop when played -> When this deals damage to a minion, Dispel it.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f1_lysian_brawler"}
- Airdrop. Celerity. -> Adapt: +1/+0 and Celerity OR +0/+1 and Tough.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f1_elyx_stormblade"}
- Opening Gambit: give a unit Celetiry this turn. -> Your minions and general cna move an additional space.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f2_inner_focus"}
- 0 mana -> 1 mana.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f2_juxtaposition"}
- 0 mana -> 1 mana.
- Switch the position of 2 minions with the same owner -> Swap the position of 2 minions
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f2_mist_dragon_seal"}
- 2 mana -> 1 mana.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f2_saberspine_seal"}
- +2 attack -> +3 attack.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f2_mask_of_shadows"}
- 1 mana -> 2 mana
- Your general has +1/+0 and Backstab 3 -> Your general has +1/+0 and Backstab 4
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f2_onyx_bear_seal"}
- Transform a minion into a Panddo. -> Transform a minion into a Panddo. If you controll less minions than your opponent, reduce the cost of this card by 1.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f2_widowmaker"}
- Ranged. When this attacks, draw a card at the end of your turn.-> Elusive. Backstab 1.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f2_storm_kage"}
- When you play a spell that deals damage, put a Kage Lightning into your action bar. -> When an allied unit or spell deals damage to an enemy unit, put a Kage Lightning into your hand until the end of the turn (max. 3 times per turn).
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f2_kage_lightning"}
- 1 mana -> 0 mana 
- Deal 6 damage to a minion -> Deal 4 damage to a minion.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f3_fountain_of_youth"}
- 0 mana -> 1mana
- Transform a minion into a copy of itself -> Fully heal and cleanse a minion.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f3_auroras_tears"}
- 1 mana -> 2 mana
- For each artifact equipped to your General, give your General +2/+0 this turn. -> Gain 2 mana for each artifact equiped to your general, then destroy them.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f3_ethereal_obelysk"}
- At the start of your turn, summon a Dervish on a random nearby space. -> Pick a space when this unit is summoned. At the start of your turn, summon a unit on this space, or deal 2 damage if an enemy unit is standing on it.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f3_fireblaze_obelisk"}
- At the start of your turn, summon a Dervish on a random nearby space. -> Pick a space when this unit is summoned. At the start of your turn, summon a unit on this space, or deal 2 damage if an enemy unit is standing on it.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f3_time_maelstrom"}
- 9 mana -> 5 mana
- Take another turn after this one -> Give ephemeral to all minions.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f3_zenrui_the_blightspawned"}
- neutral -> vetruvian
- Opening Gambit: : Destroy a nearby enemy minion with 2 or less attack and summon a 2/2 copy of it on its space. -> Opening Gambit: Take control of a nearby enemy minion with 2 attack or less.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f3_aymara_healer"}
- Provoke.Dying Wish: Deal 5 damage to the enemy general and heal your general for 5. -> Provoke.Dying Wish: Deal 5 damage to the enemy general and heal your general for 5. Essence(2): Deal 2 damage to the enemy general and heal your general for 2.'
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f4_horn_of_the_forsaken"}
- When an enemy nearby your General is destroyed, summon a Wraithling on its space. -> Whenever your general deals damage, summon a @Wraithling@ nearby your general.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f4_blood_siren"}
- 3 damage / heal -> 2 damage / heal
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f4_dark_reflection"}
- Give a minion +5/+0 / Give a allied minion +5/+0. Destroy it at thye end of the turn.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f4_nightsorrow-assassin"}
- N S :omegalul: -> Rush. Fearsome.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f4_black_solus"}
- Opening Gambit: Put 2 Wraithlin@ in your action bar -> Opening Gambit: Put 2 Wraithling in your action bar. Essence(1): Give your Wraithlings @Fearsome until the end of the turn.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f4_reaper_of_the_nine_moons"}
- Flying. Dying Wish: Teleport the enemy general to this space. -> Fearsome. When your opponent plays a spell that costs 3 or more while this is in your hand, Summon this behind the enemy general.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f4_breath_of_the_unborn"}
- Deal 2 damage to enemy minions and fulyl heal allied mininos -> Deal 4 damage to all minions. Heal your general for 1 for each minion destroyed.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f4_spectral_revenant"}
- Rush. when this deals damage to a unit, dela 4 damage to the enemy general. -> Rush. Slay: deal 3 damage to the enemy general.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f5_flash_reincarnation"}
- flash flash elder lmao -> Give a minion Rebirth.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f5_overload"}
- New card : 2 mana spell. Give your general +1/+0.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f5_grimrock"}
- 5 health -> 4health
- Grow +2/+2 -> Grow +2/+2. Adapt: +0/+2 or Frenzy.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f5_vindicator"}
- 3 mana -> 4 mana
- 1 attack -> 2 attack
- 3 health -> 4 health
- Rush. The next minion you summon nearby this has Rush. -> The next minion you summon has Rush.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f5_plasma_storm"}
- 4 mana -> 5 mana
- Destroy minions with 3 or less attack in a 3x3 area -> Destroy minions with 3 or less attack.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="f5_unstable_leviathan"}
- At the end of your turn, deal 4 damage to a random unit. If the unit is allied, give it +4/+0. -> At the start of your turn, deal 4 damage to all units nearby this. Essence(2): Deal 4 damage to a random unit.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="neutral_syvrel_the_exile"}
- Ranged. When this damages an enemy minion, teleport that minion to the space in front of this. -> Ranged. Opening Gambit: Teleport a minion to the space in front of this.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="neutral_archon_spellbinder"}
- 9 health -> 7 health
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="neutral_jax_truesight"}
- 7 mana -> 6 mana
- 3 attack -> 1 attack
- 2 health -> 1 health
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="neutral_astral_crusader"}
- At the start of each turn, switch the positions of both Generals. -> Opening Gambit and at the start of your turn: At the start of each turn, swap the positions of both Generals. Essence(3): Swap the position of both generals.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="neutral_paddo"}
- 12 attack -> 8 attack
- 6 health -> 8 health
- Airdrop. Opening Gambit: Teleport nearby units to random spaces. -> Your general has +3/+0. Essence(2): Your general has +3/+0 this turn.
::

::markdownCard{blueprintId="neutral_pandora"}
- At the end of your turn, summon a random Spirit on a random nearby space. -> At the end of your turn, summon Envy, Serenity, Fear, Rageor Wrath at random on a random nearby space. Essence(3): Summon one of those at random nearby your general.
::

